Implement `github` component to write action and workflow to target repositories (#336)
gardener/gardener-landscape-kit: docs/concepts/integration.md

### GitHub Actions Integration

GLK ships a reusable GitHub Action and a reusable workflow that automate `glk` invocations.
They can be consumed in two ways:

1. **Reference them directly from `github.com/gardener/gardener-landscape-kit`.** This is the simplest option for repositories hosted on github.com.

> 2. **Have GLK materialize them into your own repository's `.github/` directory** via the [`github` component](#github-component). This is intended for GitHub Enterprise (GHE) or other custom GitHub instances where referencing external repositories is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Have GLK materialize them into your own repository's `.github/` directory** via the [`github` component](#github-component). This is intended for GitHub Enterprise (GHE) or other custom VCS instances where referencing external repositories is not possible.
```

        generate landscape -c landscape/glk.yaml .
```

**Example: referencing a copy materialized into your own repo by the `github` component**:

```yaml
steps:
  - uses: actions/checkout@v6
  - uses: ./.github/actions/glk
    with:
      ...
```

#### `github` component

> The `github` GLK component materializes the embedded `.github/actions/glk/action.yaml` and `.github/workflows/glk.yaml` into the consumer repository's `.github/` directory at the repository root. It is the alternative consumption model for the action and workflow above, primarily intended for GitHub Enterprise instances or other restricted environments where direct cross-repository references to `github.com/gardener/...` are not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `github` GLK component materializes reusable actions and workflows into the consumer repository's `.github/` directory at the repository root. It is the alternative consumption model for the action and workflow above, primarily intended for GitHub Enterprise instances or other restricted environments where direct cross-repository references to `github.com/gardener/...` are not possible.
```
